the hack that led me to build the 21st
fastest growing company in the united
states according to inc magazine i built
the 21st fastest growing company in the
united states
what's amazing is we did that within
four years we now have over 700
employees and will double in size within
two years
now this company is called np digital
it's a marketing agency that helps
companies drive more traffic and sales
to their site
so what led me to this growth well
leave a comment guessing what tactic i
use
do you think it's seo paid ads blogging
social media speaking at conferences
i've actually been doing that for ages
it's actually none of those
i always thought that marketing and
scrappy marketing is a key to grow but
it isn't the hack i use actually
involved linkedin and specifically
hiring
i learned that if you hire people who
have done exactly what you're looking to
do successfully
two times plus in the past the chances
are they can do it for you again the
third attempt right in essence if
someone did something successfully two
times in your exact same industry for
your competitors the chances are they
can do it for you again
for example at np digital we wanted to
build one of the most successful global
ad agencies so i hired people who have
already done this not once not twice but
in many cases three or more times my ceo
is named mike gullickson he ran sales at
a company called eye crossing and
eventually fulfillment at icrossi then
that company got sold to hearst for 325
million dollars
then he became the co-ceo of an ad
agency called kovario that company got
acquired by densu at densu he climbed
his way to becoming the president of one
of their divisions called i prospect
which is one of the largest digital
marketing companies on the planet with
over 4 000 employees
so here's the trick i want you to go on
linkedin type in the job title for
anyone that you're looking for or go
look at specific companies that are your
competitors and i prefer to look at
competitors and i go through there and
they see who works for him and has the
exact title that i'm looking for
and then what i look for is have they
been at the company for a long time and
have they climbed the ranks in other
words that they get title promotions
more responsibility because if they have
that means that company has found them
valuable see when you interview someone
they can lie they can tell you they did
all these things and they may have not
they may have not been that person who's
responsible for the success but when
someone climbs the ranks within a
company the chances are they found that
person valuable so when they tell you
that they were valuable usually it's
true
now if that person also worked for a
previous competitor before that and did
the same thing stay there for a while
i'm not talking about a year or two i'm
talking about three four five six years
and also climb the ranks that means that
company found them valuable so if they
did that twice had two companies before
chances are they'll do it for you as
well now when you hit them up they
probably will ignore you if you say hey
do you want a job my company's hiring
that doesn't work too well but if you
hit them up saying like hey mike
we're actually looking for someone like
you do you know anyone who's interested
in this role
and they usually will say hey actually
i'm interested in this role or they'll
tell you i know so and so and they would
be qualified and they've also done what
you looking for multiple times and you'd
either interview them or that other
person and do this with many candidates
until you find the right fit
hire slowly fire fast as i learned when
i raised venture capital years and years
ago for my previous businesses but when
you do this tactic you'll grow much
faster
if you need help with your company and
growing your traffic and growing faster
check out my ad agency np digital where
we are also named agency of the year if
you have any questions leave comments
below i'm here to help if you liked the
video
like it tell other people about it
subscribe share it thank you for
watching